so the king and Haman went to dine with
Queen Esther and on the second day at
the banquet of wine the king again said
to Esther what is your petition Queen
Esther it shall be granted you and what
is your request up to half the kingdom
it shall be done if I have found favor
in your sight O king and if it pleases
the King let my life be given me at my
petition and my people at my request for
we have been sold my people and I to be
destroyed to be killed and to be
annihilated had we been sold as male and
female slaves I would have held my
tongue
although the enemy could never
compensate for the king's loss who is he
and where is he who would dare presume
in his heart to do such a thing
the adversary and enemy
is this wicked Haman Haman was terrified
before the king and queen then the King
arose in his wrath from the banquet of
wine and went into the palace garden but
Haman stood before Queen Esther pleading
for his life for he saw that evil was
determined against him by the king when
the King returned from the palace garden
to the place of the banquet of wine
Haman had fallen across the couch where
Esther Wars and the king said will he
also assault the Queen while I am in the
house as the word left the Kings mouth
they covered Heyman's face now harbona
one of the eunuchs said to the king look
the gallows fifty cubits high which
Haman made for Mordecai who spoke good
on the Kings behalf he is standing at
the house of Haman hang
[Music]
so they hanged Haman on the gallows that
he had prepared for Mordecai then the
Kings Roth subsided
[Music]
you